---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Giraffe is a UK registered charity, (registration number 1149540.) \_We are constituted as a charitable company governed by \_a board of directors."
datePublished: '2016-04-30T08:42:25.019Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-15T14:53:15.593Z'
title: Our teams
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-26-our-teams.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: our-teams/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
Giraffe is a UK registered charity, (registration number 1149540.)  We are constituted as a charitable company governed by  a board of directors.

## Our Board

**John Newbold - Chairman**

John is a scientist working in the very relevant field of animal nutrition.  He is based in the UK.

**Tony Sims  - Treasurer**

Tony is an accountant and has worked in the field of financial management for schools and for commercial firms. Like John, Tony is based in the UK.

**Richard Baines - Co-founder**

By day Richard teaches Physics at secondary school, and by night he runs Giraffe.  We don't think he sleeps.

**Denise Baines - Co-founder**

Denise, married to Richard is also a teacher of maths and sciences and she has a passion for educational excellence. Denise and Richard live in Belgium.

**Ian Dalton**

Ian works as a marketer in the financial services industry.  He is based in Brussels

**Eric Oltman**

Eric works for a logistics firm, and also looks after Giraffe in the USA. 

## Our executive team

**Peter Stastny - CEO**

Peter has worked for many  years in the aviation industry, and now runs a transport consultancy and is a university lecturer on the subject of transportation.

**Japheth Mutinda - Kenya executive**

Japheth is the wisdom behind our Kenyan operation.  He runs Green Pastures School and he, together with his wife Margaret have often taken in young children from the slums who have nowhere else to go.

**Ben Masila - CEO Kenya**

Teacher, soldier and now Giraffe Chief Executive in Kenya, Ben runs our Kenyan office.

**Headmaster GEC**

Runs our secondary school in Ruai, just outside Nairobi.